this summer you're invited to a magical
place where weird is celebrated strange
is special and beauty is more than meets
the eye
gorgeous let's check out how you look
today
short and stubby nubby teeth Allen full
display your pinkish red got this thing
on your head and whoa girl you couldn't
look better
[Music]
[Applause]
crazy and yet is there
[Music]
the press lucky dog is here the story
other day or the mum for the year here's
a little scoop on the way down know got
you check out the flow lobster we don't
need a God makes the party happen it
couldn't be better than this
[Music]
is there
I have a feeling we're not an ugly Ville
anymore look guys what's perfection
don't know but let's go say hi
hello must be a customary greeting here
[Music]
[Applause]
you